[Java] Document breaking changes to listCollectionName methods and new authorizedCollections method (#516)
mongodb/docs-java: source/upgrade.txt

  responding in the same way as ``Decimal128`` values. In particular,
  ``BsonDecimal128.isNumber()`` now returns ``true``, and
  ``BsonDecimal128.asNumber()`` returns the equivalent ``BsonNumber``.
.. _java-breaking-changes-v5.0-list-collections:

- This driver version breaks binary compatibility by adding a new
  ``authorizedCollection`` option to the ``listCollections`` command. This

>   change does not require any changes to source code.

Reviewer: For a user to know whether his code has to be recompiled due to a change that broke binary compatibility, the user must know whether his code uses the program element that was changed. The current text does not mention that program element (the methods `MongoDatabase.listCollectionNames` were changed in a way that breaks binary compatibility).

  responding in the same way as ``Decimal128`` values. In particular,
  ``BsonDecimal128.isNumber()`` now returns ``true``, and
  ``BsonDecimal128.asNumber()`` returns the equivalent ``BsonNumber``.
.. _java-breaking-changes-v5.0-list-collections:

> - This driver version adds a new ``authorizedCollection`` option to the
>   ``listCollections`` command. This introduces a breaking binary compatibility

Reviewer: The driver cannot add any options to server commands, as that is a server's prerogative. I propose the following wording

```suggestion
- This driver version adds support for a new ``authorizedCollection`` option of the
  ``listCollections`` command. This introduces a breaking binary compatibility
```

Reviewer: The new wording is

> This driver version adds support for a new ``authorizedCollection`` option of the ``listCollectionsNames()`` method.

It's not what I proposed, and it is not correct: the concept of "option" is not applicable to a method.
